---
layout: post
title:  "Run log: Sep 15"
date:   2014-09-15 17:34:00
categories: running
---

[Quick link: [running log][spreadsheet]]

It's been a week of treadmills. I get the feeling a lot of runners aren't
very fond of them, but I find their consistency makes it easier to track
progress. I also kinda think it's fun to put together little routines with
changes in pace and incline, and attemping to convince my legs to keep
up with the belt.

That said, I also still really enjoy getting out on the real pavement,
but I treat those as more of a zen experience - no phones, watches, music
etc. It provides a nice contrast to the more intense treadmill sessions.

Last week the end of a short recovery after developing a kickass blister
after an hour run - at least I got almost 7.5 miles out of it. These shoes
have caused that problem occassionally in the past but this is definitely the 
worst they've been. Fortunately after a couple of 3-day breaks it looks like
things are back up and -ahem- running.

Despite the delay I've logged 36.22 miles for just over half of September,
including a rather hungover 3 miles at 8am at a Reno hotel after a day of
decadence at the Reno Air Races (fried zucchini and bratwurst anyone?) Things
are looking good to hit the month's 58.3 mile target, and at this pace
should make up for August's deficit due to missing the first week.

Things are feeling good and the regular runs are starting to get easier, the
idea of running three 5-mile days back to back definitely doesn't seem as
daunting as it did a couple of months ago, so something must be going right.

[spreadsheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1w6y5S43TY2k0FYGtOxLKdMu1ApPNurtuu8IRtRcsqI4/edit?usp=sharing
